---
title: An Example Document in the Note Format
date: 2024-11-01
slug: /example-note
draft: true
---

But my intention is very far from being confined to provide only for the children of professed beggars: it is of a much greater extent, and shall take in the whole number of infants at a certain age, who are born of parents in effect as little able to support them, as those who demand our charity in the streets.

As to my own part, having turned my thoughts for many years upon this important subject, and maturely weighed the several schemes of our projectors, I have always found them grossly mistaken in their computation.

> It is true, a child just dropt from its dam, may be supported by her milk, for a solar year, with little other nourishment: at most not above the value of two shillings, which the mother may certainly get, or the value in scraps, by her lawful occupation of begging; and it is exactly at one year old that I propose to provide for them in such a manner, as, instead of being a charge upon their parents, or the parish, or wanting food and raiment for the rest of their lives, they shall, on the contrary, contribute to the feeding, and partly to the clothing of many thousands.
>
> Jonathan Swift

This is **some bold text**. And _this part_ is italic. And here's a ~~crossed out~~ part.

> Behind a remarkable scholar one often finds a mediocre man, and behind a mediocre artist, often, a remarkable man.

## Okay, this is a big heading (h2)

I am assured by our merchants, that a boy or a girl, before twelve years old, is no saleable commodity, and even when they come to this age, they will not yield above three pounds, or three pounds and half a crown at most, on the exchange; which cannot turn to account either to the parents or kingdom, the charge of nutriments and rags having been at least four times that value.

An unordered list:

- One
- Two
- Three

An ordered list:

1. One
2. Two
3. Three

### This is a sub-heading (h3)

I shall now therefore humbly propose my own thoughts, which I hope will not be liable to the least objection.

A block of code:

```
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "age": 25
}
```

#### A 3rd level heading (h4)

I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed, is, at a year old, a most delicious nourishing and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricasee, or a ragoust.

> What does not kill you makes you stranger.
>
> The Joker, in _[The Dark Knight (2008)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dark_Knight)_.

I think it is agreed by all parties, that this prodigious number of children in the arms, or on the backs, or at the heels of their mothers, and frequently of their fathers, is in the present deplorable state of the kingdom, a very great additional grievance; and therefore whoever could find out a fair, cheap and easy method of making these children sound and useful members of the commonwealth, would deserve so well of the publick, as to have his statue set up for a preserver of the nation.

---

The separated text appears here, after the above line.
